docs: document "and" logic for labels (#25692)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/reference.mdx

------------------ | -------------- | ---------------
`kubernetes_resources` | `[{"kind":"pod", "name":"*", "namespace":"*"}]` | `[]`

## RBAC for resources

> A Teleport role defines which resources (applications, servers, databases,...) a user can have access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Teleport role defines which resources (e.g., applications, servers, and databases) a user can have access to.
```
Fixing ",..."

      'workload': ['database', 'backup']
```

> Multiple label entries are treated as logical "AND" operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport handles multiple label entries with logical "AND" operations.
```
Label entries aren't operations.

> As an example this entry would match to databases that have `env: prod` label and
> `region` label `us-west-1` or `eu-central-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example this entry would match to databases that have the `env: prod` label and a
`region` label of either `us-west-1` or `eu-central-1`:

```

```yaml
    db_labels:
      'env': 'prod'
      'region': ['us-west-1', 'eu-central-1']
```

<Admonition
  type="tip"
  title="Dynamic RBAC"
>
  Resource labels can be dynamic, i.e. determined at runtime by an output of an executable. In this case, you can implement "permissions follow workload"
  policies (eg., any server where PostgreSQL is running becomes *automatically*
  accessible only by the members of the "DBA" group and nobody else).
</Admonition>

> ### Extended Resource labels syntax

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Extende labels syntax
```
